[Music]
this doesn't seem real what is up
YouTube it's your girl Evelyn and I am
back with a recap of season 1 episode 1
of the l word generation Q now before we
start the recap I haven't seen it yet
you're gonna love it
stop spoiling it you vile woman if you
haven't watched the episode yet do not
watch this video I repeat I will be
spoiling the episode in its entirety we
are gonna kick things off with our three
returning veterans and who better to
start with than bet it wasn't me Porter
we already assumed that BB&T were no
longer a couple
because laurel holloman is busy living
her best life as a professional painter
and doesn't seem eager to return to
acting anytime soon so it's no surprise
that momma T's only appearance is
through Beth's iPhone yeah I'm at
breakfast it's not really a good time
can I call you back Tina when we catch
up with vet she's running for mayor of
Los Angeles and solo parenting little
baby Angelica who is now a high
achieving sixteen-year-old who sometimes
skipped school debate pot and rap along
to awful music traffic looking for my
chapstick feeling kind of caustic
there's a fog maverick with her gal pal
Jordi who she's definitely crushing on
vets mayoral campaign is just starting
to gain traction when her past comes
back to haunt her it seems that while
she was the city's director of arts she
had sex with one of her married
employees and somebody gave that
employee's husband a live mic at a
televised campaign rally a downtrodden
vet receives a pep talk from Alison
Shane then decides to make an appearance
on Alice's talk show and face the
scandal like the boss she is our girl
Alice is in a serious relationship with
a woman named NAT who has two children
and all the likeability of a wet blanket
oh my god she's so annoying on the other
end of the likeable spectrum is Nats
ex-wife GG whose casual sexiness is
reminiscent of the og marina Alice also
has her own talk
and spends most of the first episode
trying not to book dr. oz because well
it's dr. oz our first limps of Shane is
as she's stepping off a private plane
because everyone on the show is filthy
rich and if you're wondering is this the
same Shane we all know and love she
immediately [ __ ] the flight attendant
so yes during lunch with the girls we
find out Shane is not only back to stay
but she's recently closed down to a
person aunts in Paris and New York but
we don't know exactly what's going on
with that
Shane then goes into a sexy broody mode
for a little while and then gets a phone
call from someone named Jay Quellin I'm
just gonna call her Q for now
Shane ignores the call then casually
lets it slip that she was her wife first
up is Sophie and Danny generation Q's
version of BB&T Sophie's a producer on
alice's talk show and Danny is a PR exec
who works for her rich dad's big-ass
company Sophie is adorable and funny but
not much happens to her outside of her
relationship with Danny Danny is the
newbie with the most complex storyline
she's madly in love with Sophie but
resist proposing to her because daddy
moneybags doesn't approve as far as he's
concerned Sophie is beneath Danny Danny
then starts to have a moral crisis after
a business meeting with Bette about
supporting her campaign leaves Danny
feeling like a villain which she kind of
is after coaching a grieving father to
sugarcoat his sons overdose on opioids
Danny breaks she proposes to a shocked
but thrilled Sophie then offers her PR
services to bet in a bid to become a
good guy Micha is Sophie and Danny's
super cute gay roommate although we see
very little of Micha during the episode
he does manage to score a date with a
ridiculously hot neighbor named Jose
Finley is Alice's assistant and based on
her fuck-boy ways poised to become Shane
jr. she's funny she's cute and she
doesn't seem to take anything too
seriously
after Alice instructs her to build
furniture for Shane's new house Finley
and Shane bond and buy bond I mean they
have a 10 second conversation which ends
in Shane inviting Findlay to live with
her personally I really enjoyed the
first episode the music was on point the
storylines were topical the sets were
gorgeous and the cast was awesome now
while I don't think it quite captured
the magic of the first series keep in
mind we're only one episode in and my
hope is that it just keeps getting
better and better so thank you guys once
again for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'm going to leave you
with a sneak peek of the second episode
I will see you next week we need to
protect this campaign is there anything
else people could use against you
now you need to change the locks I just
want to talk to you should I be scared
dad
I proposed to Sophie on my blessing my
permission you're not gonna get it
coming from your last night how long
your turn-ons tank 1 week 2 max let's
not put a max on it